[TT-XLA][PyTorch] Training Workload for GPT-OSS-120B-Galaxy (#566)
tenstorrent/tt-blacksmith: blacksmith/experiments/torch/gpt_oss/README.md

# GPT-OSS with LoRA Experiment in TT-XLA

> This directory contains the code for the GPT-OSS 20B and 120B LoRA fine-tuning experiments in TT-XLA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains the code for the GPT-OSS LoRA fine-tuning experiments in TT-XLA.
```

nit: We do not really need to repeat this all the time, it is present in the list below.

- GPT-OSS 20B model specification can be found [here](https://huggingface.co/openai/gpt-oss-20b).
- GPT-OSS 120B model specification can be found [here](https://huggingface.co/openai/gpt-oss-120b).

Original LoRA paper can be found [here](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09685).

## Overview

The GPT-OSS fine-tuning experiments apply the LoRA technique to adapt the pre-trained GPT-OSS 20B

> and 120B models on the SST-2 sentiment analysis and Alpaca instruction-tuning datasets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GPT-OSS fine-tuning experiments apply the LoRA technique to adapt pre-trained GPT-OSS
models on the SST-2 sentiment analysis and Alpaca instruction-tuning datasets.
```

nit: ditto for this
